oh my god hello everyone because if you
hear don't know apart this is as usual
on the third island that's all I know
with nintendo n64 and you know who i am
hopefully and if you don't well then I
suggest you leave right now so don't
want any random always out there's a
cool thing you doing this level um that
um if you put the invincibility on then
fall onto the floor yeah you just stay
down there yeah yeah have you you
haven't sterling hill oh it's not that
I'm not it's not the power 1 okay it's
not that I did it on purpose is that I
absolutely failed that's that's why now
now I should have hit that thing because
what that does is it actually allows
this area in to come falling sharp like
this level for me is really hard I don't
like the zoo and yeah i took i failed a
few times of the sudden my playthrough I
don't have any i can't i'm not i can't
fail because i only about two lives all
right pull down floor just show the
people at home like you don't look yeah
yeah okay go at your boy with their do
it their way I yeah yeah yeahs bit
nothing to get
like you guys need to walk on the black
they don't get the idea it's just I mean
I'm problem I mean they used to get the
idea but then they took our Cellini know
okay there we go this the idea see that
you can walk across yeah like cargo bay
oh you can't get it back up actually
don't oh yeah yeah you get the camera to
come around and then you jump back up
there all right so look where'd you go I
have no idea oh there's another one of
those two or things and is that the
Great Hall music playing I think um no
no like I actually can't even detect in
music cuz ya know that's that's
definitely the Great Hall theme from
crash bandicoot one I know it's not
that's the total would steam from crash
to sorry my mistake your highness it is
it is is listen to it yeah I can kinda
dirt dirt dirt don't wait here you go
the crash is back now I think all there
you go look at that we just skipped a
good chunk of that level hmm they would
chunk of it how much sure can we skipped
Oh about like about 30 seconds maybe
that's cool it wasn't that much oh my
god okay she thought you got to be very
careful this over knife it is like as I
said a new game for me
never never done this in my life this is
an area of crash I've never played this
is that's different that's their pride
no it doesn't yes no it says I'm the ad
be three screens here that's really
creepy it's really weird as losses are a
little bit because it's like the eternal
blackness is kind of hard to see where
you go and see look at that like it's
like I'm falling under the black but
nothing's happening like you're falling
down oh look at that different colored
oh yes I purple why don't think I don't
know why they didn't get rid of that oh
look at this that's about I was worried
there even its safety first thing yeah
way the floor looks different it feels
like a small machinery yeah wait no no
no look that look at that it looks like
they haven't like bothered to like a
range that you're looking for oh my god
look look easy yeah ought to really look
p 0 c 0 ER x SI p water okay that's it
that's supposed to say cortex power and
gas company it's yeah but I'm it looks
like they haven't been bothered to like
a range that's why I haven't it's like
it's obviously which proves the game
kind of like has a sprite from the
engine like where they get like
difference of tires and place it down
yeah it's very very cute very cool i'll
never go that concludes another exciting
part of this game i mean it's so
unexpected when you're with Angus isn't
it there and there are every every pot
says I'm such a loose cannon you have no
idea too often yes you did your the
other Brian Pillman of let's play I am
definitely a most illogical and he
anyway in the next part we're going to
be going to I don't know what level it
is you know I toxic waste management
toxic waste awesome level alright see
them see you then